(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the changing
seasons blows In the shining, best sunny day
Lightly crossing the rough times To the
city of hope, diving I wanna dive into
paradise I'll take all the trends
I'll be stronger and more honest Ready,
set, go!
Everybody can do!
The dream I started running always doesn't
stop I won't regret it tomorrow Everybody
can do!
Even if it's a little dark, I
don't want to see it I'll
take all the trends I'll be
stronger and more honest 4.
Mecha-Pote Declaration It
's cold again today.
Nothing will happen at night like this.
Let's stop patrolling and go home.
Sir!
Isn't this Katsushika's
dormitory?
How dare you!
Nakagawa, you go straight ahead!
Yes, sir!
Sir!
Where are you?
Where is the officer?
You!
You, too!
Ouch!
I'm a police officer!
Hey!
I'm Ryotsu Kankichi,
the head of the police station!
Oh, you're right!
I'm Ryotsu Kankichi!
You!
I'm the real culprit of the underwear
thief!
Don't mess with me!
I'm not a underwear thief!
Then what's in your hand?
Huh?
That's the proof that you can't
move!
N-No!
I just grabbed it when I fell!
I heard a scream, so I came in
here!
Do you think that kind of excuse will
work?
It's true!
There's another one here!
No, it's not!
Mr. Nakagawa!
No way!
It's a misunderstanding.
We came here because we heard you were
a chikan.
It's no use.
I said it.
Oh, is that so?
No, we misunderstood.
I'm sorry.
Come to think of it, we were doing
special training for the chikan troupe.
Did you shout, chikan?
Hey, you guys!
You're saying the same thing, but you
don't believe what I'm saying, and
you don't even doubt what Nakag
awa says!
Oh, that's obvious.
Of course.
What kind of people do you think you
are?
Of course, it's the face.
You can't trust a man with a
thick face and eyebrows.
That's right.
And he's short.
He's short.
He's hot.
He's short, but he's got a
long story.
And he stinks.
You guys!
Stop what you're saying!
Stop it!
That sound...
Don't tell me...
Stop it, you idiot!
Stop it!
Ryo...
No, we misunderstood.
Nakagawa, you tried to steal his
underwear, didn't you?
No, I didn't!
I'm innocent!
That was a disaster, Ryo.
But that's because you didn't do
the right thing.
You should reflect on that.
I'm not joking.
What do you women think of men these
days?
I don't know what you're talking
about.
I do think that women these days are
beyond my understanding.
Even before...
Get your belly back!
Ryo...
You look pitiful.
Why don't you go out with me?
No, I don't want to.
You don't even have money.
Hey, you!
What are you looking at?
No, I'm not looking at anything.
Get out.
I can't believe him.
He's clearly an alien.
I've made up my mind!
What are you doing, Senpai?
I'm a married man.
I won't go out with women.
I won't go out with women within
2 meters of me.
No way.
Then you won't get a job.
Excuse me.
Which way is the station?
No, no.
Don't come in from that line.
What did you say?
You're a police officer, aren't you?
Oh, the station.
The station is...
You...
You idiot!
I won't go out with women, no
matter what anyone says!
That was close.
We could have arrested Ryo in a
minute.
You're right.
Huh?
He's in front of Ryo.
Why isn't there a maruta
in Ryo's garden?
Naoko, you're in trouble!
What's with this maruta?
You're Naoko Seisho, right?
Congratulations on winning.
Y-Yes.
I see.
Look, that's the prize.
Oh, that's the prize for the magazine.
I applied with a light heart, but I
didn't think I'd really win.
But Ryo's garden is spacious, so
it's fine, right?
You're right.
Look at Ryo's villa!
It's wonderful!
Now that we've completed the investigation, this
is the training video for building a log
house.
Good luck building it!
Huh?
We're going to build it?
What should we do?
We can't build something like this.
Does anyone know anyone who's good at
this?
There he is!
But he's definitely not going to do
it.
That's it!
I have a good idea!
Wait, wait!
Tomorrow, we'll gather everyone...
This is bad, Ryo-san!
Look at this.
This month's first issue of the survey.
I don't care about that!
Every month, he does a boring project.
That's clearly sexual harassment.
He's making fun of men.
What?
What's this?
Ryo's hated number one again?
That means we've finally reached V7.
Huh?
What's wrong?
Th-This is...
The hated number one Katsush
ika-shofukei told me
about...
It doesn't have my senpai's
name on it!
What?
Wh-What?
On top of that, Ryo-san
's the number one in high sensitivity.
Huh?
Ah!
This is...
The number one in high sensitivity, Ryo
-tsu Kankichi.
The number one in love, Ryo-
tsu Kankichi.
The number one in marriage, Ryo-
He's always holding down the top half
of his head.
Isn't this some kind of misprint?
I don't think so.
Whether it's 5 o'clock or 6
o'clock...
Which means...
You!
You're playing dirty behind my back again!
Why would I do that?
Chief!
I don't think you'd do something
that wouldn't make you rich.
Hm?
Now that you mention it, you're right.
But to suddenly get first place after the
reunion...
That's strange.
It's not strange!
The modern women have finally realized...
The true manliness!
Instead of pretending to be good, they've
started choosing the truth!
Ryo-tsu-senpai!
The number one in high sensitivity!
Congratulations!
Ryo-tsu-senpai!
We've been misunderstanding Ryo-ts
u-senpai.
That's right.
We've finally realized how charming Ryo
-tsu-senpai is.
He's popular.
I can't believe it.
I'm going to lose.
Aren't women supposed to be on the
other side of the line?
You're so rude.
Don't cross that line!
Huh?
I've decided not to deal with women!
Don't say that.
Shut up!
Get out!
Senpai!
Get out of here!
What's with that attitude?
Calm down.
For now, the first stage is complete.
There's no way that idiot won't
come after us.
Ryo-tsu-senpai!
What do you think?
I think it's pretty good.
He's here.
Hello, I'm Rai-Rai
-Gen.
Is he going to perform with that?
I'm Rai-Rai-
Gen.
I brought some ramen.
Here you go.
I guess Ryo-tsu-
senpai's charm is his manliness.
That's right.
I can feel his manliness that other
men don't have.
That connected eyebrow is so
cute.
Really.
Good men are more honest than they look.
But it's sad.
He won't accept our passionate feelings.
You know, we...
Ryo-sama!
But he's not popular.
You always go against the man you like.
Well, it's true that women's hearts
are complicated.
Hey, you two.
Oh, Ryo-tsu-sen
pai.
Senpai, you didn't accept our bou
quet.
I couldn't accept it.
Naoko, I was so sad.
No, I'm sorry.
Oh, canned coffee?
It's good on a cold day like
this.
Give me a sip.
What?
You buy it yourself?
Naoko.
Oh, here you go.
Thank you.
It's good.
Here, you drink it, too.
What?
Don't hesitate to drink it.
But...
I'm so happy, Ryo-ts
u-senpai.
Why am I like this?
Good job, Naoko.
Well done.
I won't waste your precious sacrifice.
I'll finish it later.
Hey, Ryo-tsu-sen
pai.
Are you free tonight?
How about going for a drink after a
long time?
What?
Oh!
I thought it was someone, but it's
Honda-kun.
He's doing fine.
What are you wearing?
I have an appointment tonight.
I'm sorry, but I don't have
time to hang out with you.
Appointment?
Ryo-tsu-senpai
is invited to a girl's dormit
ory tonight.
To a girl's dormitory?
You're jealous, aren't you?
I can't take you.
I'm not going.
I'm the only one invited.
Women these days know what it's like
to be a man.
It's completely different from what I usually
say.
Girls' dormitory!
Good...
Evening!
Daddy!
I'm sure you know, but this is
actually a boy's dormitory.
Ryo-tsu-senpai
is special.
I'm impressed.
I can't believe it.
Ryo-tsu-senpai,
the moon is very beautiful.
Let's go see it.
It was cloudy when I got here.
I don't care!
Okay, now!
Got it!
This is a phantom, isn't it?
What's that?
It's a log house kit.
We have all the log materials, so
we just need to put them together.
Gas and water pipes are one-t
ouch.
If we build it in Ryo's
garden, it'll be a place for everyone
to live.
But there's no log builder.
We can't build that.
Isn't there a strong man somewhere?
No, no.
All the men these days are weak.
It's nice to have a man who
sweats on his forehead.
Yeah, yeah.
The latest trend is a man who smells
like sweat.
I don't know what the trend is,
but have you forgotten someone?
Oh, what is it?
It's about a strong, reliable man.
Who are you talking about?
Is that about Ryo-tsu
-senpai?
No, I can't ask Ryo-
tsu-senpai to do that.
Why not?
Because Ryo-tsu-sen
pai is wearing a suit.
This is my temporary form.
This is my true form.
And this is my army.
It's such a big deal.
Shut up!
Don't talk nonsense!
First of all, it's a basic construction.
You know that, don't you?
Come on!
Come on, let's do it!
Honda, what's with all the fuss?
Men are simple.
Come on, hurry up!
Don't worry about it.
Everyone, lunch is ready!
It's our homemade lunch box.
The cookies are homemade, too.
Wow, that's great.
It looks delicious.
Terai-san and Honda-san,
thank you.
Please do your best.
I'm counting on you.
Honda-san is much stronger than he
looks.
Is that so?
Wow, Terai-san looks strong, too.
No, they're all weak.
You guys, go home!
Oh, no.
Oh, but you came all the way here.
Why don't you all work together?
I'm fine on my own.
Come on, let's go home.
You're so mean!
I made a mistake in my plan.
I guess I couldn't do it on
my own.
I can't ask them to help me
now.
They're so slow.
In this case, we have to praise them
thoroughly.
We have to make them work.
Okay!
Ryo-kun, hang in there!
You can do it!
You look great when you're working!
You're so cool!
Oh, really?
Oh, you surprised me!
You're so strong!
You're so cool!
You're so manly!
Oh, you're so strong!
You're so easy to handle.
Let's keep doing this for the next
24 hours.
You can do it!
It looks
like we can't do it with just
1000 yen.
We need to get rid of one of
them.
Ryo-kun, are you okay?
I'm a little tired.
I'll give you a massage.
Hang in there.
Hurry up and make our log house.
Of course!
We're back!
Here's your lunch.
See you later.
Are you leaving already?
I have a mission.
Another convenience store lunch box.
It used to be a handmade lunch box
of love.
The grade of the lunch box is going
down because of the incompleteness of
the house.
This again.
The days of bread and butter continue.
Ryo-kun, no one comes to
the garden these days.
It looks like you're forced to work.
If I keep doing this, I'll break
my body.
I feel like my seniors are being manipulated
by them.
Nakagawa-kun, I know you
're jealous that I took the first place,
but you shouldn't think like that.
I don't think I'm that jealous.
Ouch.
But I'm really tired.
Seniors!
Ryo-kun!
It seems that Ryo-kun hasn
't come yet.
He's late.
He's almost here, but he's useless.
When will he finish?
I'm tired of waiting.
I worked so hard to take the first
place in the survey.
Just a little more patience.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
What's wrong?
Did you say something?
Nothing.
Don't worry about it.
Just a little more.
I'll do my best.
I'm glad you didn't hear me.
I'm glad you're a real idiot.
Shh!
I can hear you.
I'll show you.
Wow!
Our villa!
Let's
get in!
Agreed!
I'll show you what happens when you
make me angry.
The scent of this tree!
I feel like I'm in a hot
spring in the mountains.
But I didn't expect him to build
such a nice log house.
Yeah.
He really worked hard.
I'm a little relieved.
Komachi-chan.
What?
You fell in love with Ryo Ts
ukankichi, didn't you?
Are you kidding me?
I'm scared.
No, you're not.
Everyone, be quiet.
The special seat is 5,000 yen.
The camera and video are 1,000 yen.
Let's go.
It's heaven!
You stupid women!
What?
Did you see that?
This is a real man's job.
What are you doing?
You're mean!
The mini-pad is messed up.
There's no tire.
I won't forgive you!
The revenge will continue!
I won't forgive you for bullying a
weak woman!
You're not weak at all!
Stop it!
If I'm hated again, I'll go
back to No.
1.
A new year party at the chief's
house?
I haven't heard of it.
Why didn't you tell me?
Chief!
I'll go right now!
Please leave some food for me!
Next time, on Shinshun Battle
Karta.
Please watch it!